[MUSIC PLAYING]
Well, I think astrology
probably comes from Atlantis,
but it has a really
strong run in Babylon.
And of course,
Egypt with Ptolemy.
He's the father of
Western astrology.
And that's where we have
the template for astrology.
I would say that ultimately
it's probably off-planet.
Maybe it's from Sirius.
That's my best guess.
I think the original
intention of astrology
was to have a synchretic
system that allowed
people to navigate both
on land and in sea,
but also their lives.
It was this kind of
multi-dimensional
navigational tool.
And a tool to live by with
the inner life and a tool
to travel by with
the outer life.
A lot of times we tend to think
that this is all out there.
But it's all happening
inside of us.
So there's no differentiation
between the inner
and the outer.
So the map itself is really
just an extraction of what's
taking place on the inside.
It's almost like in
some shamanic cultures,
they'll take an
animal, they'll take
the entrails out of the animal.
And they'll throw it and
they'll put it on a fire.
Or, they'll throw
them on the ground.
They'll read the entrails.
Well, astrology is kind of like
that, but without the blood.
We're reading the
psychic entrails
of what's happening in time and
space within the individual.
So it's theoretically
not happening out there,
but it's happening in here.
We're using the
map to get inside
of the body, mind, spirit.
People focus on their sun signs
because that's what they know.
It's a very superficial
rendering of astrology.
And most astrology
columns-- if you
go to read one of the
famous astrologers,
Sydney Omarr, whatever--
they generally
tend to look at the sun sign.
And they put it on the
rising angle of the chart
and then they look
at everything else.
So, it's important to at
least know your rising sign
or ascendant.
And once you know your
rising sign or ascendant,
and you need to know
your sun sign, generally
at that point
people want to know
more about astrology, anyway.
And then they find out,
well, I'm really two signs.
Well, you're more
than two signs,
you're a number of signs.
And you're a number
of signs through time.
You're always changing through
transits and progressions.
And it can get pretty complex.
But I just think
that most people
have a cursory knowledge.
And they say, well, I'm
a Virgo or I'm a Gemini
and this is what I'm
supposed to be like.
And I find that most people
are generally pretty curious
and want to know more.
There are 12 houses
in the chart.
And the house is a zone
or sector or mansion.
Some people call them mansions.
And that house is
determined by the ascendant
at the time of birth.
And planets are then splayed
across the chart based
on the degree that they're in.
And then they show up
in the various houses.
And if a planet lives
in a particular house,
you begin to look at that house.
And there's an emphasis in
the individual's life with
that planet, with that house.
And then we look
at angles coming
out of that house with
the various planets
across the chart.
So the house is like
a temporary home
in this lifetime for a
particular planet in your life
at the time of your birth.
The anaretic degree.
I happen to be born on
September 22nd, which
is the 29th degree of Virgo.
And the 29th degree
is an anaretic.
It's called the anaretic degree.
And it's the last
degree of the sign.
And that's when the
energy of the sign
has almost spent itself.
It's almost done.
And if you're born with
an anaretic degree,
you think you're almost
done with the sign.
You're over.
It's like I came
in this lifetime,
I'm over being a Virgo.
I'm ready to move on.
But unfortunately, what happens
is is that you have to really
focus on that degree even
more than say if it was
at 12 degrees or three degrees.
You have a lesson to finish
with that degree and that sign.
And until you really
bear down and do it,
you don't really get
to graduate, I suppose,
out of that sign or
out of this lifetime.
And the challenge
with the 29th degree
is that people tend to have
lots of hard stops and starts
in their lives.
Beginnings and endings.
Lots of endings.
And one of the characteristics
of the 29th degree
is that people can get
really ramped up with plans,
and then at the last moment
they could change their mind.
That's also another not so great
signifier of the 29th degree.
So the lesson here is
to stick to something,
to work through something,
and to finish something.
Whether it's that degree,
that sign, that project,
that relationship,
whatever that thing is,
it's essentially a sign to
hang in there and complete.
That's the 29th degree.
We can see this ramping up
with Pluto and Capricorn.
It starts off in 1516.
We see the rise of
the states of Europe.
They're going around the world,
they're colonizing, quote
unquote, "all these countries."
And you have the rise to
power of the aristocracy
during that time.
They're getting all
these resources, spices,
gold, silver, you name it.
They're plundering,
they're bringing
it back to Western Europe.
And what we're seeing
now in this version
of Pluto and Capricorn is
the apotheosis of that.
That first wave in 1516,
it's all part of this kind
of ongoing narrative.
Now in 1776, there's a
break in that, of course,
because the United
States decides to take
a left turn from Great Britain.
Although there are
some people who will
argue the fact that the
British really won the war.
They conceded the war.
And there's all these
documents, and straw men,
and the individual is an
asset of the Bank of London
and the city of London.
So they'll tell you that
the victory was a sham.
But whether it's
a sham or not, we
can certainly see that
there was a battle fought,
there was a conflict.
And at least in terms
of the history pages
we've all become
accustomed to, there's
a break in that narrative.
And here we are again,
Pluto and Capricorn.
And we're staring
down what seems
to be the synthesis of what
happened during the early 1500s
and during the 1770s.
[MUSIC PLAYING]